I'll show you today like you a whole
can crochet simple flower when the
by the way, I have it all thread
slowly so hard is for you can you
It also with an air mesh chain
make the beginning
So you hit four stitches
and includes the whole round
a chain mesh and into this mouth
in between did the same as us
now it is nicer with the flags ring
of course with a threadbare ring good
thread it closes with an air mesh
two air stitches three air stitches
and now you're 11
more chopsticks into the whole town
that is, once the envelope goes there
you put an envelope in the
in the middle of your ring brings in the
thread high only goes through two stitches
pick him up again and then again
two and he just does that 11x12 me
turn the whole thing up fast
its finished behind the ring
the short end but only if it with
have made a threadbare ring differently
it does not work and pulls it to
close her by putting her in the
top air mass think third
woodpecker and a chain mesh does so
got the thread
and pull him through the net and through
the loop on the ash by
then you make two air meshes in
the next
but makes an envelope and makes
a whole town in the same
Masche makes her three more that
in a mesh so four sticks in it
are what I have now three and one
last time you make two air again
mesh plugged into the nearest mesh
then do like your chains mesh
made again two air meshes made
an envelope and move on to the next
mesh four chopsticks so the same
as made vorrink petal
have and so it goes on
So again two air masses in the nix
grooving makes a chain mesh
again meshed and made the
next piece for pie I'll
Now turn the whole thing fast
and you are not in the back again
same air mesh and make one
chain stitch at the end and finished
your flowers have fun imitating
and a crochet happy day